Vernissage Software Documentation

1. Overview
Vernissage is a portfolio platform that lets users share their art with everyone. The user can log in to the application or register a new account. Once logged in, the user can select a project from the list of previously uploaded artworks on the home page. Each project includes a title and images. Titles and descriptions can be assigned for each image individually.
The user can search for an artist by their name. On the artist page, the user can view the artist's previous projects and a short introduction.
Registered users can share their own projects by uploading a cover picture for the project itself and, for every image, a title and a description.
On the user's own profile, they can change their profile picture or edit their introduction section.

2. Target audience
The audience for Vernissage is people who are interested in art, including potential clients, art enthusiasts, and other artists.

3. Usage

3.1 The main page
The main page contains three main functions on the webpage, two inside the Android application.

Upon entering the webpage, the default is the login option. Users can access their account by entering the correct email and password combination. If the correct login information is given, the page automatically redirects the user to their profile.

The second tab on the main page is registration.
Users have to fill out the form in order to create an account.
The registration may fail if:
The given email address is already occupied.
The email address is not valid.
The password is shorter than 8 characters.
The passwords do not match.
After successful registration, the user has to log in using the login form.

The third element is the search bar.
The user can search for other artists by entering their names.
The search engine will look for matches between the input field's content and every user's name.

3.2 The profile page
After a successful login, the user is redirected to the profile page.
Here they may change their profile picture, give a brief introduction, and create and view their projects.

Changing the profile picture is done by clicking on the current profile picture and selecting an image (in png or jpeg format). After a few seconds, it will display the new one.

The brief introduction can be changed by double-clicking the current information. This creates input fields that can be edited.
After giving the desired information, double-clicking one of the input fields will save the profile details.
Each piece of information can be deleted individually by leaving the corresponding input field blank.

The project creation page can be accessed by clicking on the + PROJECT button. This will redirect the user to a blank project template that can be filled with content.
The cover image and project title will be displayed on the user's profile. By clicking on the + button, the user may add more images to their project.
Once completed, the project can be saved by clicking the submit button on the top-right side. This will redirect the user to their main profile after a few seconds.

Existing projects can be accessed from the user's main profile or from the search results.
The project structure looks similar to the new project template. The profile of the owner can be accessed with the BACK TO PROFILE button on the top-left-hand side.